How to build a sevenf figureure B2B
business. What I did is that you start
by working in B2B company. Learn about
the business. Sales for me was like a
dirty word. But then I realized it
importance when I started fame. How do
you think someone could fast track that
learning? Like if you had to summarize
it in I don't know 30 45 seconds. Open
small talk made them uncomfortable.
Understand what they're trying to
achieve. The next stage in order to get
50 clients is hiring. We like to bring
on people that like to work autonomously
and remotely. So what is the secret to
one sourcing good talent, two trusting
them, and three retaining that talent?
The first one, my name is Sam Donny. I'm
here with Sir Tom Hunt, CEO, founder at
Fame. We're going to dive into exactly
how you can do the same for your B2B
company. Tom, how are we doing, sir? I'm
very good. It's great to meet in person.
Should I take the mic? It's great to
meet in person. Um, shall I just tell
you how to do it? Let's focus on the
service company because I don't have
I've never built a software company to
anything close to that, I think. And
what I did is that you start by working
in a B2B company. So you get a job first
and what that enables you to do is learn
about the business. And to to give a
specific example, I was head of
marketing at B2 solver company. We
started a podcast, the podcastman really
well. And essentially the company that I
started was a podcast agency and they
were the first client. And so what I
did, I spent a year learning how to do
the thing really well for a B2B company.
And then because I was doing it so well
hopefully or that's why they they came
over, they it was very easy for me to be
like, I'm going freelance. Do you want
to be the first client? they became the
first client and they're still a client
today five years later. And so you can
basically get someone else to pay you to
do that learning. And so that's step one
is to like get really good at delivering
a a service or process. Yeah. Yeah. I
pretty much I'm on an earlier journey
and that's pretty much what I did like
do the skill. So in your case it was
podcasting my case like SEO but before
that webdev and then start doing a
little bit on the side to kind of see I
suppose one if you actually like doing
it as a side thing. Secondly, if you can
actually get some cash, get some
revenue, get some clients, and enjoy the
process. Do you think that's always the
way? Do you think that's the only way to
do it? I I don't think it's the only way
to do it, but you have to, if you're
going to deliver a service for B2B
company, you have to be able to be
really good at service. And so, what
other way can you do that without just
delivering it for somebody? So, let's
say you've done that. You worked for
like 5 years for a company, you got
really good at delivering this service.
You have left and fortunately, they have
become the first client. The next step
is then to make sure you deliver that
service for them really well. So you get
that that testimonial. And then the next
step is how you then go and get the next
nine clients to get to 10. And so the
way I will probably do that is by
getting my testimonial and sending it to
like as many people that you know that
could buy that service. That's the first
step. And then the the still the skill
you're going to have to learn in order
to get to 10 is sales if you don't have
that because you're then going to have
to get on a call with them and then sell
them effectively. Yeah. Let's talk
about. So, step one, learn the skill
inside another company. Step two,
acquire a client while still working
that business. Step three, get up to 10
clients using your network, but you got
to learn sales. How important do you
think sales is? I've got a strong
viewpoint on this, but a lot of founders
aren't natural salespeople, right?
You've got technical founders, you got
marketers, you got founders that are
involved in the product, you got
founders that are more into marketing.
like how what would you say like on a
scale of I don't know if you want to do
a percentage weightage like how
important is selling as opposed to the
rest of the business especially in the
early days of building. So to answer
that question, we have to define
selling. For me, selling is trying to
influence someone one-on-one. And
really, as a founder, that's what you
have to do like all the time. I'll give
you an example. This morning, I had a we
we bought this business. I need someone
else from the team to eventually run
this business. And so the call this
morning was essentially me selling that
person on that role. And so that's kind
of like recruiting, but I'm also
selling. So it's absolutely crucial for
you to be effective in your role to
influence people onetoone. And in this
use or this example, the the first use
case of this is you selling to somebody
else in your network to try and get them
to give you money for the this the
service that you've created. Everything
is sales. How did you learn to sell? Did
you pick it up or did you get a
framework? Did you read books or kind of
make it up as you go along? So yeah, I
sales for me was like a dirty word up
until I started fame. I It was like when
we were coming out of uni, anyone that
went in sales, it was like you were not
intelligent. You you had to go into
sales. Harsh.
But then I realized its importance when
I started fame. And so then the question
is how do I learn sales? I guess I read
a lot of books. I fortunately got to
work with quite a lot of good sales
people in that role we were speaking
with and in other roles. And so I kind
of probably picked up a bit but then I
just started doing it cuz I had to. I
had to get from one client my old
employer to 10 clients. And it probably
took a year and I had to personally sell
them like the onetoone sales for those
10. And I still do sales calls today.
How do you think someone could fast
track that learning? If you had to
summarize it in I don't know 30 45
seconds like what would you say like if
I could know these one two or three
things now to get me from sales noob to
sales I don't want to say pro but at a
decent level is that something you give
advice wise I think you just have to get
really good at the like the sales
conversation which in my mind is this
it's like open small talk made them
comfortable understand what they're
trying to achieve work out in your head
if what you have can help them achieve
that if no try and help them by sending
them somewhere else or giving them
advice If yes, explain what you have and
then try and get them to take an action.
So that that like those four steps I
think is the thing that you just have to
get good at and the way you get good at
is by doing like 200 sales calls um
through that process. That's also the
process I had to go through today when I
was trying to convince this guy to run
that company, run this part of our
company. So it's like that that fourstep
process that you just have to get the
reps in, I think. Yeah, I like it. I
like it. So, we've got do something on
the side, make sure you're happy with
it, get your first client, get up to 10
clients, get good at selling, and it
sounds like being able to run a solid
process like a discovery call is almost
what you've outlined there. What comes
next? So, if we're at 10 clients, let's
say we're charging $2,000 a month, so
we're 20k a month. You can probably
still be doing all the selling, all the
operations and delivery of one person.
Maybe you have some freelancers. The
next stage in order to get to let's say
let's go for 50 clients is that you have
to probably completely get or not
completely but largely get out of the
operations. So the next skill you need
which is connected to sales is hiring.
So you have to go and like define
exactly what the role is, find people to
apply, run them through a process and
then sell that person on coming to join
your company. So step five is going to
be hiring. But then step six is going to
be building that system so you can
easily plug people in to do the roles to
deliver the service and keep ideally
close to the same level of high
happiness of when you're doing the
thing. This is I think probably the
biggest barrier for anyone starting a
B2B service company is how can you
largely get yourself out of operations
and get other people that you're paying
to do the thing almost it don't have to
be as well as you but almost as well as
you. Yeah, I love this because we're at
a similar milestone at breaking B2B
around 50k recurring and we're trying to
get to that next stage, but we're facing
that bottleneck as we've got higher a
team in house. So, it's not just me
doing everything, selling, marketing,
operations and beyond. So, what is the
secret to one sourcing good talent and I
guess two trusting them almost with your
business or you might call it your baby
cuz you you've built up to now and then
three retaining that that talent. The
first one I I actually don't think it's
that hard, you know, like I would just
like if I'm selling or we're going to
get to marketing in a second, but with
marketing, you have to first understand
who you're trying to sell to, what
they're trying to achieve, and then work
out how you can communicate to them that
you can deliver that. I think hiring
similar like for us, for example, we
like to bring on people that like to
work autonomously and remotely. And so
our offering as a company is that you
can be autonomous and you can work
remotely. And so that's kind of the
offer that we put in front of people
when we're trying to get them to apply
for a job. And so the job the titles of
our job descriptions or job ads on
LinkedIn like awesome remote account
manager uh needed for podcast agency and
then in the description we're talking
about how we like people to work
autonomously. So I think it's like a
marketing challenge to get people to
apply. So where does marketing and
advertising kick into play? So I think
too many businesses rely on marketing
activities or sales activities that are
bringing people into into your funnel
when they're not ready to buy. And so
what we do, what we've always done and
we tried all the other stuff like
outbound, etc. has never really worked.
Maybe that's just because no one, it's
quite hard to convince someone to start
podcast. So maybe it's easier or more
accepted for someone to do SEO. Anyway,
so we like to rely on channels that put
fame in front of people when they're on
that journey to buying. And this is
largely uh Google. So both paid and
organic because somebody is actively
saying that they want to invest in a
podcast. So we invest all our marketing
dollars there basically. So when someone
goes to Google or CHBT now searching for
best podcast agency, it's likely we're
going to get exposed because we spent
years trying to try and do this. The
other one that works well here is
referrals and word of mouth. We we have
partners that when somebody says to them
they want to start a podcast, they they
refer us. So we worked on that and then
word of mouth if the output of you
you're doing great work and getting the
the people stuff right. So my advice to
this this B2B founder in order to get
from 50K to 100K is to invest in
marketing specifically in marketing
channels that are demand driven eg
people have expressed interest in your
service. Yeah, I think that's smart.
That's I suppose the only exception is
if you're in a if you're creating an
offer as a founder that's a new category
that's perhaps less wellknown and folks
aren't actively searching for it on
Google because it's a new offer and they
just don't know it exists. But the
chances are if you're a B2B founder or
someone that's considering setting up a
business, it probably is in a category
that people know about. In my case, B2B
SEO, in your case, B2B podcasting, etc.
And I think that's smart. And I think
there's a lot of information on channel
platforms like LinkedIn and and
elsewhere where you almost get
overwhelmed with what you should be
doing as a founder in terms of marketing
and advertising like folks like build up
a founder brand, build a newsletter,
start a podcast, start a YouTube
channel, start doing SEO, start doing
ads, start doing social ads, all this
kind of stuff. When really, like you
said, you probably want to start with
two or three channels where your dream
clients are actively going. When they
have that sales intent, they actually
want to speak to a salesperson. They're
not messing around. They're not looking
for information. They actually have that
intent behind them. And that's where,
like you say, Google Ads or SEO with a
strategy behind it works well to capture
that demand for folks actively looking
for the offer. I want to go back to the
hiring quickly before we wrap up this
mini interview. Like who should be I
didn't ask you this before, but who
should be like the first couple hires?
Like what are the most important hires?
So, we're looking to release your time.
And so I would probably pick out the one
thing in the delivery of the service
that you're doing that is like either
the thing that you least like doing or
the thing that's easiest to give to
somebody else. So probably list out the
the five things you're doing to deliver
the client service and then rank them
based on how much you like it and then
how hard it would be to give that to
somebody else. And then the lowest of
those scores or the highest um is the
one that you would hand over first. And
it probably as a freelancer maybe let's
say you're running Google ads and
there's like setting up the campaign is
very easy for you to outline the best
practices and work in procedure and then
you can just hire somebody through
Upwork for like $30 an hour to to
deliver that part and then you're
completely out of saying the campaigns
that gives you more time and then you
can look at the next thing in the
service delivery which may be I don't
know the reporting then you give that
away and the next thing which is like
the client meetings and you give that
away and so you're slowly peeling away
the time and then after you've given
away the five then you're freed up to
then work on the other stuff like the
marketing and the sales. What are going
to be the biggest bottlenecks that
you're likely to face at some of these
stages that we've talked about? I think
it will be the or a really big hurdle is
when let's say you've done this and you
have five freelancers and you can manage
all of them. What you'll then find is
that the hiring, on boarding, training
and management of these people starts to
take up too much of your time. And so a
big hurdle and a big bottleneck is the
the elevation where you have to bring in
somebody else who's going to manage
them. So they manage the five and you
just manage the one you get your time
back but then you have to learn how to
manage managers and you have to learn
how to train managers which is another
whole skill set and another like ethos
and understanding that you have to
develop. Thank you sir. I appreciate the
high level. I wanted to keep this short
and snappy and I think we've we've done
uh done the job. So Tom, thanks very
much for coming on this breaking B2B
mini interview. Give a quick shout out
to your company fame. Fame. ISO. We We
do podcasts for BB companies. Podcast
for B2B companies.